# Tools folder
These files have references to horror (and mystery) concepts from childhood media.
* This directory is made to look like a genuine directory, but when clicking on file contents, they will dissappear.
* * This gets the viewer more invested and 
* The page is filled with comments `<!---->` to significantly slow down the browser loading the page, this itself is a little reference to some games that have admin commands to slow clients down (e.g. Roblox, Minecraft, etc.)
* Immediatly when opening the source code, the client will see an ASCII Giygas sprite.
* Giygas doesn't stop there as when you look at the one letter file names, they spell `giygas` backwards.

## 062007.md
This file explains the easter eggs of the Tools folders. The number refers to June 2007, my birthday. Happy pride! The number is revealed while going through the entire directory.

|  Letter   |   Number  |
| --------- | --------- |
|     G     |     7     |
|     I     |     6     |
|     Y     |     2     |
|     G     |     0³    |
|     A     |     0²    |
|     S     |     0¹    |

## g.pic [#####7]
This BMP image is a 'deepfried' image of Nightmare's kill screen as seen in Five Night at Freddy's 4. ".pic" is a little reference to PC Simulator, which uses that fictious file extension for images.

## i.txt [#6####]
The full message is from W.D. Gaster's all-caps dialog in a secret Undertale room. The message is pasted eight times, with each having a variation because of a single uncapitalized letter. This idea was taken a Five Nights at Freddy's 3 post on Steam, where it had some double letters that contained a secret message.

## y.html [##2###]
This appears as a receipt for two robots, Yan and Gimnon. These are actually characters of Garage: Bad Drean Adventure and the model numbers are an acronym of the game's subtitle.

## g.html [#####0#]
This is my favorite one, it is a reference to Calendula. At some point during the game's ending, there will be a text box that will insert "Calendula" no matter what is pressed.

## a.txt [###0##]
This is a simple text file with a lot of cash symbols, and a modified quote from No$Cash.

*"And you? Given the ability of free choice, full control over your mind and body, where would you click?"*

## s.html [0#####]
This is a simple 'anti-piracy' messsage box, over and over. There is tiny reference to my project (**The Q**) which is a website for older devices.

# Topic references
* Calendula
* Doki Doki Literature Club
* EarthBound
* Five Nights at Freddy's
* Garage: Bad Dream Adventure
* Minecraft/Roblox (in a way)
* No$Fun website
* Undertale

*Date written: 1/20/2025*